project-porfolio
================

content so far

ABOUT ME

My name is Sean Donovan and I am a Senior Communications major and Saint Joseph’s University. In my free time, I like watching movies, eating (who doesn't) and playing retro video games. I moved from New Orleans, Louisiana after Hurricane Katrina to Fairhope, Alabama for 3 years and now I reside with my father in Scranton, Pennsylvania. I’m not sure exactly in what direction my life is headed but I would like to move back to the south (preferably back to New Orleans) after graduation. I decided to start a website that reviews many different products because I’m always online checking up on customer reviews of products before I buy them as I think it is the best way to get proper feedback on a item I’m questionable on buying. Anything as little as choosing a brand of bread or sauce when I’m shopping I try to look up online. The same thing applies for wine, beer, movies, etc. and I’ve found while there are certain reviewers/critics who I rely on for opinions, they usually only stick to one category of reviews. I set up this website for other people to be able to see reviews for any and all different variety of products and not have to keep constantly looking through other websites unsure if they can find what they want. Additionally, if there are any products you’re specifically looking for me to try feel free to email me at thedoors810@yahoo.com and I’ll be sure to try and find them and review it for you! Feel free to leave any comments with your own critiques as well.

Reviews:

1) MOVIE: Interstellar: 8/10

image: http://imageserver.moviepilot.com/-98caac85-f5ed-419a-8a2e-672a10473ea3.jpeg?width=1920&height=1080

Coming into this movie, I expected it to be similar to 2001: A Space Odyssey as I had heard many comparisons between the two. Let me start this review by saying the two are MUCH different. Interstellar has many times more dialogue than 2001 but there are a few long shot moments in which there is no dialogue for an extended period of time, somewhat similar to 2001. Additionally, I thought Interstellar was much more straightforward than 2001 was. By the end of the film, I felt I almost completely understood the film whereas with 2001: A Space Odyssey there were much more questions than I had answers to. Not that this is necessarily a bad thing at all, it’s just that the two were much more different than I had imagined. Interstellar is more of an emotional experience where 2001 was more of a philosophical, thought-provoking film. The biggest similarity between the two is large moments of suspense and a large conflict/fight scene between two characters (I’ll try not to spoil this to much).

My favorite thing about Interstellar was by far the visuals and the score. Props to Hoyte van Hoytema and Hans Zimmer for essentially making the movie what it was, without them it would be an average at best film but they really made the sci-fi elements come to life and truly draw the viewer in. I’d give the visuals at least a 9 out of 10 as the scenes in space - particularly when they are flying to saturn and get stuck in a black hole were absolutely captivating. While there were a few dull scenes in the beginning that were more dialogue based, the scope of the cinematography really couldn’t be fully understood here. It wasn’t until about halfway through the film that it really started to blow my mind. I’d also like to give the score at least a 9/10, possibly a 9.5/10. It fit every scene so well, even the dull scenes seemed to be more captivating with Hans Zimmer’s beautiful score. My only complaint would be at times the loudness could be a bit overwhelming (shortly after Matt Damon is introduced, for example) but there’s no question it was beautiful and I’d say probably Hans Zimmer’s best score in years.

Now, onto the things that weren’t quite as good. The dialogue in this movie really made me cringe at times. For example, the line “the power of love” was used so repeatedly that I just couldn’t take it seriously at points. McConaughey kept saying that it would save everything and transcend time and space and I couldn’t help but feel I was watching a soap opera set in space that is focused much more on the fiction element of scifi than the science element. It was also very repetitive at points, specifically lines Matt Damon was telling Matthew McConaughey as he was walking away and the whole “power of love” nonsense. Despite these criticisms, there were almost moments of really good, heartfelt, emotional dialogue. For example, when McConaughey hears tapes from his children aging as he was on the ship truly felt genuine as well as when he’s talking to Matt Damon and McConaughey tells him there is a 50/50 chance of his helmet breaking and Damon replies, “That’s the best odds I’ve had in years” (see the film for yourself and you’ll see why this is such a great line in context).

Overall, I liked the film’s score and visuals very very much, but the cheesy dialogue, plot holes, overly repeatedly dialogue, and length really bothered me. I felt the plot was one of the Nolan brothers (the writer and director) was one of their worst but the atmosphere of the film was arguably their best. I’d say the movie is certainly worth watching, especially in theaters because of how beautiful the film’s visuals and score were so see it while it’s still and theaters and expect a great journey.

2) MOVIE: Gone Girl: 8.5/10

image: http://media.aintitcool.com/media/uploads/2014/nordling/gonegirl2.jpg

A few weeks ago I saw David Fincher’s new film Gone Girl. While it may not have been quite as visually spectacular as the film I just reviewed Interstellar, I thought this film was much more plot driven and had very exceptional acting. While I normally am not a big fan of Ben Affleck’s acting, I thought he did exceptionally well in this film. It seemed like he fit the casting for the film very well as his acting in the film seemed to be similar to his real life persona unlike previous films he’s worked in like The Town where he was portraying a character very different to who he is in real life. I was specifically surprised by the acting of Rosamund Pike as I had never seen her in a role in a film at all before. Additionally, the acting of Neil Patrick Harris was very well done as well but he was in much less of the film than I had expected.

Besides the score and the plot of the film, the dialogue is also very well done. It’s very interesting to see one of the central elements of the plot: how a man and a woman initially love each other then end up detesting each other and what they do in the public persona to make their relationship seem that it is working. I also found the soundtrack to be top notch. I think Trent Reznor is currently one of the best composers in the film industry currently and his newest work in Gone Girl won’t disappoint. I’d be highly surprised if he does not get another Academy Award nomination this year for his work. I would say it is very close to being on par with Interstellar’s soundtrack and it would be very interesting this year to see how that award will be given with at least two fantastic film scores in the running this year.

My favorite part of Gone Girl is probably how suspenseful the film is throughout. In the beginning, it takes a little bit of time to build up but within a half hour the viewer already has so many questions in his or her mind. How did the girl get kidnapped? Did Affleck’s character have anything to do with it? Are they both as innocent as they seem? In typical David Fincher fashion, all of these questions are later answered and with a good sense of resolution. The film truly succeeds in being a thriller that blurs gender roles and really gets the audience thinking. Although I gave this film a higher review than Interstellar, I would recommend seeing Interstellar in theaters before Gone Girl as the visuals are totally top notch and just wouldn’t be the same seeing on a television screen. Gone Girl would not be ruined at all on a television even though it has pretty good special effects as well, it’s just they aren’t quite as grandiose as the ones that are in Interstellar. My recommendation would be to see it in theaters if you’re a big David Fincher but else wise wait until it comes out on tv and save about ten bucks watching the film but I can mostly likely tell you, you won’t be disappointed. Fincher succeeds again.

3) FOOD: Tommy Dinic’s Pulled Pork Sandiwch: 9.5/10

image 1: http://www.myphillyalive.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/Reading-Market-Terminal-in-Philadelphia-Dinics.jpg
image 2: http://www.foodnfestivities.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/Food-n-Festivities.-No-BS.-Dinics-Philly-1024x646.jpg

A few weeks ago I went to get one of my all time favorite sandwiches, a pulled pork sandwich with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe. This may sound like a strange combination as I’m from the southern United States which is famous for their pulled pork sandwiches and this is an unheard of combination. Almost everyone just eats the sandwich plain with maybe a bit of extra vinegar and that’s it. Tommy Dinic’s goes the extra mile and puts on these toppings which honestly enhance the taste of the sandwich so much. The sharp provolone is probably the best provolone I’ve ever had in my life. In fact, my friend that was with me tried the sandwich for the first time and wanted to buy about a half pound of the cheese just because he liked it that much (although he never asked). The broccoli rabe is actually nothing like broccoli, it is a lot more leafy and doesn’t contain the poofy head part of broccoli. It also tastes a lot more bitter than broccoli but for some reason adds so much flavor to sandwich. They usually put on a bit too much for me, but it’s pretty easy to fix as you can just take off whatever you don’t want.

My only complaint with the sandwich would be that the pulled pork is just *a bit* short on flavor. While the meat itself is certainly very fresh and pulled properly, I feel they could touch it up with maybe just a bit more bbq sauce. Other than that, the bread is fantastic as well and the price is a bit high (slightly over $10) but I can almost guarantee you will come away satisfied. After all, it did win best sandwich in the northeastern United States and eventually throughout all of America according to Adam Richman of the Travel Channel (http://www.travelchannel.com/tv-shows/adam-richmans-best-sandwich-in-america/photos/the-final-contestants). Also, I have been told their meatball sandwich as well as the beef brisket are amazing, but either both are sold out or I’m craving a pulled pork sandwich so much I can’t pass it up every time. Also, be sure to get make sure it’s PULLED pork as the roast pork is not nearly as good in my opinion and tends to be a little bit on the dry side.

4) FOOD: Beck’s Cajun Cafe - Alligator Gumbo - 9/10

image 1: http://eatingreading.files.wordpress.com/2011/02/img_2023.jpg
image 2: http://www.urbanspoon.com/rph/21/1504378/1973775/philadelphia-beck-s-cajun-cafe-gator-gumbo-photo

Being from New Orleans, I had some reservations trying this food for sure. I though, “Oh boy, here goes another Northeastern restaurant trying to replicate the South and failing miserably..” but I could not have been more wrong. As I passed the restaurant, they were offering free samples for their food so I thought, ok why not try it? I tried the red beans and rice first which were certainly above average for this area but still not nearly as good as the ones I’m used to in New Orleans. Then I decided to try the gator gumbo and WOW. I’ve only had chicken and/or sausage gumbo in the past but this gator gumbo was easily on par with it. It was also the first time I tried gator and I was surprised how much it tasted like chicken, so the cliche is actually pretty accurate (although it is a bit more gamey-tasting).  The gumbo had perfect proportions of sauce, rice, and meat and was actually fairly spicy - although it could have been a bit more spicy in my opinion but the majority of people I know in the northeast do not nearly as big of a spicy taste pallet as people i know in the south

5) FOOD: Banquet Chicken Nuggets & Mac and Cheese - 6.5/10

image 1: http://farm5.staticflickr.com/4051/4439535819_de66a2d655.jpg
image 2: http://badsequels.com/tastylies/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/chickennuggetmeal1.jpg

Ever get ridiculously hungry but have less than $5 in your wallet and bank account? As a college student, I know I do all the time. Yesterday I decided to take what seemed like a very risky move and bought something in the freezer aisle which contained chicken, mac and cheese, and corn for just a dollar. Needless to say, I didn’t have very high expectations for this product whatsoever. I cooked it in the oven when I got it as I really prefer to use the microwave whenever possible and I believe this definitely made a difference. What I noticed was that the mac and cheese was at least average if not a little better than average and the corn was below average. The chicken nuggets were somewhat in the middle, they were nice and crispy but they also were made of dark meat and very little at that. All things considered except for price, I’d probably give this product a 4 or a 5, but for $1 for an entire meal, you really can’t beat the price.

6) WINE: Review: Lindeman’s Chardonnay 2013 Bin 65 - 8.5/10

Now this is a wine that really blew me away. I was told by my father about this wine which is made in South Eastern Australia and he told me it was a mid-priced wine so I looked into it and saw it was only $6 a bottle while on sale. This literally blew me away as it was only one dollar more than a mad dog 50/50 which sells for $5 and is typically known as homeless wine-o’s cheap drink of choice. While this made me a bit skeptical at first, when I chilled the wine and opened it it smelled very good. I may not be the biggest wine connoisseur in the world, this smelled much better than the franzia and overly sweet yellow tail pino grigio and more flavor than the chardonnay version while also being cheaper (although this was probably due to the sale). In any case, it is a fantastic wine price aside and something great to bring on a BYOB date especially if you are in the Philadelphia area as many restaurants are BYOB to avoid having to obtain a liquor license. Long story short, try this wine if you like chardonnays. I highly doubt you will be disappointed and if so, it was only a mere $6-$7 and stands leagues above any other wine I have ever tried in that price range.

7) TV Show: Breaking Bad - 9.5/10

image: http://cloudfront-assets.reason.com/assets/mc/jsullum/2014_11/Breaking-Bad.jpg

I figured this week I would review the tv show Breaking Bad as I recently rewatched a few episodes of the most recent season and forgot how much I enjoyed it. The first thing I must say about this show is that each season gets progressively better. I was somewhat interested by the first season but not super invested, then the second season came out and I thought it was an above average show, and when the third season came out I was completely hooked. There is *lots* of character development that occurs in this show as some of the characters you love, you may hate by the end of the series and vise versa. Breaking Bad is probably my favorite tv series of all time but the biggest draw back I'd have to say of the show is that at times it is a bit unrealistic. While I thought the last two seasons were totally action packed and filled with a great plotline and dialogue as well, it is much more unrealistic especially in comparison to a tv series like The Wire which manages to keep the viewer engaged while sticking very carefully to detail to truth - especially as the writer David Simon was a policeman himself in the past and talked to people involved in the drug dealing industry (ex. interviewing dock workers for the second season). I would say that Breaking Bad is certainly a more realistic show, if a bit more on the unrealistic side. Get up to season three and I promise you won't be able to put the series down.

8) VIDEO GAME: Bioshock (Xbox 360) - 9.5/10

image: http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/6d/BioShock_cover.jpg

This was one of my favorite games growing up as a teenager. I remember it was probably the second first-person shooter I had ever played to have an actually interesting plotline. I read it was based off of Atlas Shrugged before I bought it which I thought was kind of cool as I liked the concepts but never actually read the book as it's over a thousand pages long. I think Bethesda is easily one of the best publishers around as well making games like Fallout, the Elder Scrolls series, etc. and this game may have the best plot of any video game in their library. I won't spoil it, but definitely expect the unexpected towards the end of the game. The controls work very well for the Xbox 360 even though it has a fairly complex system. There is a hacking mode of the game where pipes are facing different directions and the player must rearrange them in the proper order and the work very fluidly in this regard with the analog sticks where I would imagine that with the PC version it would be much more difficult to navigate. The graphics for this game still stand up today even when compared to PS4 or Xbox One games even though it came out somewhat early for the previous generation systems. I'd highly recommend playing this game if you haven't already done so as it is easily one of the best single player campaigns I've ever played, especially for a first person shooter which (in my opinion) typically tend to be lacking in depth and plotline.

9) VIDEO GAME SYSTEM: N64 - 7/10
Video Game Library - 9/10

image 1 (system): http://static.giantbomb.com/uploads/original/9/99864/2420173-n64_console_set.png

At my house recently we got an N64 my friend brought home from break. While I think it msy have the best multiplayer games of any video game system literally ever (Super Smash Brothers, Mario Kart, Mario Party, Pokemon Stadium, Goldeneye, etc.) but I've also got to say, the controller is also easily the worst controller I've ever used. What was Nintendo honestly thinking when they made this thing? It has 3 different handles, a d-pad on the side of the controller you'd need a third arm and hand for, and the c-buttons just barely in reach on the right side of the controller. The analog stick very frequently would get broken and not be fixed in the middle, as the controller would have the analog stick leaning on some sort of direction and make much more difficult to move your character. I really have no idea what kind of drugs the makes of the N64 must have been on to make this monstrosity of a controller. In comparison to the graphics and discs of the Playstation 1, the N64 certainly pales in comparison. I will give it the upper edge in that almost all of the games could save on the actual game cartridge where as the Playstation one required a memory card that could only have like 8 save blocks and during the life and times of blockbuster (R.I.P) where myself and other kids would rent about 3-5 games a month, that card filled up pretty quickly so I'll give the N64 the edge over their console then. That being said, the library of games for this console is amazing. First off, as I said earlier the multiplayer is untouchable. The only downside with the games is that online gaming wasn't around for consoles at this point so the maximum amount of players is 4. If you had 4 of your friends playing some Mario Kart or Super Smash Brothers though, it was pretty much guaranteed to be a great night filled with plenty of butthurt friends as well as bragging rights for the ones more fortunate. In any regard, I truly love the library minus a couple of games. It's a tough battle between the Playstation 1 library and the N64 library, but I'd ultimately give the edge to PS1 for single player games and the edge to N64 for multiplayer games. So if you're looking to play some cheap, retro video games any time in the near future I'd keep that in mind as the deciding factor of which system to pick and if you can handle the crappiness of the N64 controller in comparison to the PS1 controller which is actually a very good and durable controller.

10) The Wire - 8.5/10

image: http://christopherwink.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/09/the-wire.jpg

For a show that initially took me a long time to get into, I must say I really appreciate The Wire now. I generally like almost anything that HBO puts out but The Wire is probably in the top 3 shows the network has ever made in my opinion. The biggest drawback as I stated in the beginning is it definitely takes at least a few (around a handful) of episodes before you can really engage and get into the tv show as there is a lot of backstory and characters to get to know before anything huge happens. So if you are judging The Wire and feel like you've already wasted 2 hours of your life watching the first two episodes, just stick it out through the first season and things will get much better as it progresses. All of the characters both police and drug force seem to be pretty accurate depictions. There is certainly a sense of realism in the show and this is probably attributed to the fact that the writer David Simon was a police officer in Baltimore.
