project-porfolio
================

content so far

<html>
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-14">
    <title>Personal Narrative</title>
  </head>
  <body>
  <h1>Who I am</h1>
  <p>My name is Sean Donovan and I am a Senior Communications major and Saint Joseph’s University. In my free time, I like watching movies, eating (who doesn't) and playing retro video games. I moved from New Orleans, Louisiana after Hurricane Katrina to Fairhope, Alabama for 3 years and now I reside with my father in Scranton, Pennsylvania. I’m not sure exactly in what direction my life is headed but I would like to move back to the south (preferably back to New Orleans) after graduation. I decided to start a website that reviews many different products because I’m always online checking up on customer reviews of products before I buy them as I think it is the best way to get proper feedback on a item I’m questionable on buying. Anything as little as choosing a brand of bread or sauce when I’m shopping I try to look up online. The same thing applies for wine, beer, movies, etc. and I’ve found while there are certain reviewers/critics who I rely on for opinions, they usually only stick to one category of reviews. I set up this website for other people to be able to see reviews for any and all different variety of products and not have to keep constantly looking through other websites unsure if they can find what they want. Additionally, if there are any products you’re specifically looking for me to try feel free to email me at thedoors810@yahoo.com and I’ll be sure to try and find them and review it for you! Feel free to leave any comments with your own critiques as well.</p> 
  <h2>Difficulties with design</h2>
  <p> I initially worked on the coding of this website at home on a laptop I had just received about a month prior to Thanksgiving break. Very unfortunately, I left the laptop at school in my room under my bed as I don't have internet or wifi connection for that matter in my house. When we came back to school after break, we found the house was broken into and all of our valuable electronics were stolen and the doors of the house were wide open. As a result, I lost all of the coding I had done for the semester in my laptop, uncommitted to github and lost all of my changes. I worked on content for the rest of the semester at home and was unable to recover pretty much any of the coding work. I plan to publish this to wordpress or an alternative website if I were ever to turn this into a full time website, but for now I need a lot more reviews written before I would ever consider publishing a live website with this information.
  <h3>How/why I made this website</h3>
  <p> I made this website almost entirely with the use of brackets. I did this in the beginning of the semester using library computers once it was installed and later on I did this on either my laptop or my friends. The point of the site was to have an easy to navigate, unpretentious reviewing website that anyone could comment on to critique the reviews I'd post. My goal was to have a navigation bar at the top linking to the different categories that each item I reviewed would be placed in (food, drinks, movies, video games, etc.) and redirect to that page. In addition, I wanted to have a clearly visible comment section at the bottom of each individual page. I liked the color choice of a black background and a goldish text as it popped out to the eye particularly well. I intended for a film reel to be at the top of the page sort of as an icon for the website. Each review that was posted would also have a picture of the item for reference prior to the text on the site that reviewed the item. For certain items, such at the N64 which I reviewed, there were multiple parts to item so for sections which I mentioned a different part such as the controller, I'd post the image of the controller later in the the review when I mentioned it for the first time so readers wouldn't get confused if they saw it earlier and weren't exactly familiar with what I was talking about at that point in time and the image was fixed at the top. My overall goal was to make the website as simple as possible rather than overly complicate it as I wanted it to be easy to navigate as well as being a good sample test for me to make a website focused on HTML and CSS rather than just posting all of my text into wordpress for a website as I had previously done for any website I had attempted to make.
  </body>
</html>
